### Summary
Vin is a 16yo Skaa girl employed by (or maybe enslaved to) Camon, a talented thief of some sort. Camon and his partner, Theron, have set up an elaborate scheme to build up the image of a nobleman's house in a dire financial state, looking to secure a contract from the Steel Ministry that can help the house scrape so that it may not instead perish. But it is a ruse yet to be unveiled. They are thieves, so it seems likely that this house, House Jedue, does not actually exist. It's likely they will run off with the revenue from this heist.

Prelan Laird, an obligator for the Steel Ministry, comes with other lesser obligators in tow to meet Camon, acting as lord of House Jedue, at a not-so-luxurious hotel. He comes with the decision already made to not pursue the contract with House Jedue, but Camon undersells himself and lowers the terms of the contract so that it is much more favorable to Laird. 

This is where Vin comes in. She has a unique power or magic that she refers to as Luck, and it seems to be able to influence people's thoughts and decisions. Prelan Laird considers the new terms of the contract but seems a bit suspicious. Vin notices this and uses all of her remaining Luck to influence Laird's thoughts. He becomes more docile and open to the new terms, and finally resolves to take the new terms of the contract to the Council to renegotiate.



### Details
* ```The Steel Ministry was not just the force of bureaucracy and legal authority in the Final Empire—it was like a noble house unto itself.```
* it seems like Vin's Luck power is renewable. maybe it comes back daily? or maybe she has to do something for it to regenerate?
* Vin's older brother worked with her in the recent past (within the last few months), but did something since then to betray her and Camon and has since left them. Who is her brother? could it be Kelsier from the Prologue?



### Questions
