### Summary
Kelsier and a new character, Dockson, meet up inside the capital walls of Luthadel to discuss a new heist or other criminal undertaking that they've been planning. They discuss which people to bring along for which roles. Most of the roles are not even named, and the ones that are, such as the Smoker, are left unexplained for now. But the cast of people that may join them are Club, Yeden, Kelsier's brother Marsh, Breeze, Ham, and potentially a couple of others.

Kelsier is about to head over to Marsh to convince him to join in his escapades, but Dockson stops Kelsier and tells him that there's something that he wants to show him.

We now switch over to Vin's point of view. She sits in a corner of a secret bar while Camon and others smoke and lounge around. The bar is located in Luthadel as well. Vin considers how her past beatings and betrayals have made her stronger mentally, and how some of the lashings no longer pain her as much, when she is interrupted by Camon. He stands up and holds out a watch. 

```
His eyes locked on Vin. “It’s time.”
Vin frowned. Time for what?
```

Camon, dressed now as Lord Jedue, Vin, and Camon/Jedue's "attendants" now enter the Ministry's Canton of Finance building. Camon announces himself as Lord Jedue to the attendant obligator at the front desk, who directs him to the correct room. Camon's only allowed to bring one attendant with him, so he brings Vin. Vin notes that Theron is not with them, and briefly whispers this thought to Camon. 

```
“You’re betraying Theron,” Vin whispered.
Camon nodded.
```

Vin is somewhat sickened by yet another betrayal, which she feels is much too commonplace in her life.

They're called into the Prelan's office. Camon is surprised to see not Prelan Laird there, and instead finds himself meeting with High Prelain Arriev. Camon and Vin are both instantly suspicious, but they're in too deep now. They must follow through.

At Arriev's request, Camon goes through his arguments as to why he needs not only a contract to stay afloat, but specifically a contract through the Ministry so that other groups can have the confidence needed to work with House Jedue as well. Vin still has the suspicious feeling that something is wrong about this situation, but at the last moment, she uses Luck to help persuade Arriev. He then agrees to the contract, stamps it, and says to retrieve the deposit of funds from the obligator at the front desk.

Vin's instincts are still screaming at her that something is wrong.

```
She paused as Camon left, looking back at the obligator. He was still smiling.
A happy obligator was always a bad sign.
```

However... nothing happens. They retrieve the funds and walk out the door with no commotion following them.

Kelsier and Dockson watch them leave. They discuss the girl, Vin. Apparently she is moderately famous in a few thieving circles, and Camon doesn't realize just quite what she is - beyond his own superstitions.

Kelsier notes that she is at least a Misting, and that he is surprised that she could use Allomancy powers on a member of the Ministry, especially inside a Canton building. As he is discussing the girl being a Mistborn (!), High Prelan Arriev and a second man step out of the building.

That man is a Steel Inquisitor.

Kelsier and Dockson are instantly alert. It's clear that the inquisitor is chasing Camon and Vin, but there is no urgency in his step - they must be being tailed by Ministry spies.

Dockson leaves to handle the spies. Kelsier downs a solution of the 8 basic Allomantic metals - Iron, steel, tin, pewter, copper, bronze, zinc, and brass. Then, burning them within himself (somehow), he catches the attention of the Steel Inquisitor, beginning a chase to divert him from Camon and Vin.



### Details
* note that "canton" means a subdivision of, so the "Ministry's Canton of Finance" basically means the subdivision of the Ministry that deals with finances.



### Questions
