### Summary
Vin is back at the secret bar with Camon, Ulef, and the rest of the party. She confides in Ulef that she fears something will happen tonight and goes to gather her few personal possessions. When she comes back into the room, Camon is furious - Ulef betrayed her trust as well.

Her brother Reen's words ring out in her mind.

```
You have no friends in the underworld!
```

She tries to escape, but Camon beats her down in a drunken stupor. He yells at her and beats her, accusing her of trying to flee to report him to the Ministry. In the middle of the beating, a man suddenly opens the front door. He sees the situation and punches Camon away with a single strike. Vin tries to escape, but her fear and pain are suddenly squashed, and she becomes peaceful. Someone just used "Luck" on her.

It's Dockson, and behind him walks Kelsier - The Survivor of Hathsin. The two of them discuss the situation concerning the Steel Inquisitor and the other antagonists with the people in the room, take the money given from the Ministry (except some pieces to use the safehouse they're in (the secret bar)), and force everyone except Vin out.

They start to make small talk with her. Kelsier - also known now as Kell - attempts to use more "Luck", or Allomancy, to calm her again, but she unexpectedly resists and keeps her wits about her. They perform introductions, though they already know Vin by name. 

When asked, Kelsier says he is *not* a Misting specifically, despite associating with them frequently. A Misting is a person (usually a nobleperson, since they are most likely to possess Allomantic abilities) who only has use of one of the eight Allomancies.

Kelsier gives her a solution of alcohol containing two of the eight Allomantic metals as a test, and she passes successfully. She can not only subdue a person's emotions, but heighten them as well. He tells her that this means she is Mistborn - a person with access to *all* of the Allomantic skills. If you have more than one, then you have them all. This power alone would make her one of the most powerful noblepeople, but since she's not a nobleperson, she doesn't have to play by their rules, making her potentially even more powerful.



### Details



### Questions
