### Summary
Vin, Ulef, and the others sit around the safehouse discussing the recent events with Kelsier. They assume he must be planning some large job, and ask Vin what part she plays. She isn't sure yet, so they assume that she is a go-between for their party and Kelsier's party for whatever job he's planning.

They discuss Kelsier's power. He and his wife were sent into the Pits of Hathsin by the Lord Ruler himself, and he actually came back alive, hence his nickname, the Survivor of Hathsin. Vin wonders how Kelsier can smile if he lost his wife back then.

Ulef and the others leave the safehouse as the time approaches for Kelsier and his party to arrive. A nobleman named Breeze and a soldier named Hammond walk in, and unbeknownst to Vin, she is being Pushed (a type of Allomancy that makes one more trusting, which she knows as Luck) by the nobleman Breeze to fetch a glass of expensive alcohol. After a moment though, she recognizes what's going on, and Breeze admits to being a Misting. In conversation, Ham confirms he is also a type of Misting known as a Thug. He burns the Allomantic metal pewter to make himself stronger.

A third person, Clubs, walks in. He is older than the two others, but not super old. He is a Smoker: ```He is what will keep the rest of us from being discovered by an Inquisitor.``` He has a gnarled face and appears somewhat hostile, and he keeps to himself in the corner of the bar.

The fourth person, Yeden, arrives, to the dismay of Breeze and Ham. ```Yeden was dressed in simple gray skaa clothing and a patched, soot-stained brown worker’s coat. He regarded the surroundings with a look of disapproval, but he was nowhere near as openly hostile as Clubs```.

Finally, Kelsier and Dockson arrive. They are greeted with warm welcomes from Breeze and Ham. Kelsier begins to explain the job.

They've been hired by Yeden, leader of the skaa rebellion, to overthrow the Final Empire. They will be paid 30,000 boxings, as well as half the atium reserves found in the Lord Ruler's treasury. Their goal is to disable the police force (the Luthadel Garrison) and cause chaos in the city so that Yeden and his men can enter and take over the government buildings. At that point, it's Yeden's job to keep what he's seized, and Kelsier's party can pillage their share of the atium.

Kelsier also shares that he knows where the Lord Ruler gets the atium from in the first place - the mines are located in the Pits of Hathsin, which is why the LR ensures that no one ever comes back from there alive.

Clubs says that the plan is outrageous and leaves. The others contend that letting him leave is too dangerous now that he knows the whole plan, but Kelsier disagrees. He trusts Clubs. Vin finds this preposterous - how can someone be that trusting without being stupid?

Kelsier asks Vin if she's in, and she responds yes. The others ask what her role is, and they're surprised to find out that she is also Mistborn. So far, she can Soothe (Push) and Riot (Pull) emotions.

They're about to part ways for the night when Kelsier pipes up. He has one more detail to share about his plan. In addition to everything else... He wants to kill the Lord Ruler. The party responds with incredulity.

```
“Kelsier,” Ham said slowly. “The Lord Ruler is the Sliver of Infinity. He’s a piece of God Himself. You can’t kill him. Even capturing him will probably prove impossible.”
```

Kelsier wants to get revenge for the death of Mare, presumably his wife. He "Snapped" and awakened his Allomantic powers in the Pits of Hathsin, and now he wants to use those same powers to kill the Lord Ruler. He has heard rumors from the north of an eleventh Allomantic metal, which can supposedly be used to kill the Lord Ruler, and he sets a silvery-white bar of metal down on the table.




### Details
* Atium is a powerful allomantic metal, and the rarest of them all. The Lord Ruler holds onto the largest share of it and sells small amounts in exorbitantly high prices to control the market.



### Questions
