### Summary
Kelsier, Dockson, and Vin remain at the safehouse. Kelsier says he needs more atium, and they're about to discuss how to get more when Clubs walks back in. He didn't trust himself enough to make the decision to join the party while Breeze was around, but now that he's sure he can trust his own thoughts, he's in. The party has a Smoker again.

Clubs leaves, and the three remaining discuss where to get the atium. They head to the roof at night as the mists cover the city. Kelsier dons what's known as a Mistborn cloak. ```“It’s colored and constructed to hide you in the mist,” Kelsier said. “And it warns city guards and other Mistborn not to bother you.”``` They discuss which house Kelsier will hit, and soon decide to go for House Venture, one of the most well-protected Great Houses - but also one that's likely to have the most atium. Venture is so large that it's more appropriate to call it Keep Venture rather than House Venture though, so it will be especially dangerous. Kelsier drinks a vial of metals and whisks away into the night. They will meet up at Clubs's shop later.

Kelsier arrives at Keep Venture. He breaks into to an upper room on the third floor, and a few rooms in, after stealthily killing some guards, finds a hidden safe in the wall. He tears it out of the wall with Allomancy. The loud noise of it breaking free from the wall alerts the guards, and eight hazekillers (men who are not Allomancers, but are trained to fight them) soon fill the room. Kelsier eventually defeats them, but not without injury. He pulls on the safe once more and leaps into the night as Allomancers arrive to the scene, but he escapes successfully. 

After finding refuge on a rooftop a bit aways, he reaches into the now-broken safe and finds some notes worth a few tens of thousands of boxings and a small pouch of atium metal. The night was a success. He leaves the broken safe and heads to Clubs's shop.



### Details




### Questions
