### Summary
Vin wakes up in Clubs's shop. It's a nice place, much better than anything she's ever experiences. She grabs some food and eventually is called up to the third floor. She, Kelsier, and the other members of the party begin planning how to take down the government.

The working plan so far is to send a small force of about 1000 to attack the Pits of Hathsin. They're important enough (since they produce atium) that the Lord Ruler must respond, but too important to send the more destructive (?) koloss force. This will draw the Luthadel Garrison out of the city. In the meantime, somehow a commotion will be stirred up between the Great Houses, causing infighting. Then, while the Garrison is gone and the city is in chaos, a main force of about 10000 can be sent in to take the city. 

They plan to have all this occur a year from now in the winter.

Breeze is in charge of recruitment. As a Soother, he will start by having his men recruit rebels from Luthadel and then the surrounding cities, and will direct them to the caves up north where a small rebel group already exists.

Hammond is in charge of training. He knows some men who can lead in the training of the newly-recruited rebels, and Kelsier knows how to procure weaponry for them. 

Kelsier knows of a nobleman named Lord Renoux who is sympathetic to the Skaa cause and can legally purchase weaponry and other equipment. It turns out that Kelsier has already killed Lord Renoux and replaced him with an imposter, and House Renoux can serve as a front. This also gives them an 'in' to politics in the Houses.

Kelsier's attack last night was also politically motivated and serves to begin stirring up issues between the Houses. Since he is Mistborn, it was assumed that a Great House planned the attack on House Venture last night. He plans to attack a few more Houses to cause general mayhem as well.

For some unexplained reason, Lord Renoux's imposter cannot attend social gatherings in high society. It's something to do with him looking *exactly* like the real Lord Renoux that he should, under no circumstances, be in any proximity to an Inquisitor. The other members can't too for various reasons, so it'll be up to Vin to infiltrate these social gatherings and spy the Houses and their political issues.

Regarding the Ministry, Kelsier says to let his brother Marsh deal with them. Conveniently, Marsh arrives and says "like hell!". Kelsier ends the meeting here, and everyone leaves the room and heads back downstairs. Vin comes back to the door to listen though only a few moments later.


### Details




### Questions
