### Summary
Marsh steps in and angrily tells Kelsier to consider the lives of the people - some of them skaa - that he killed at House Venture last night. He accuses him of leading Yeden along on another *job* while only caring for the payout. Kelsier denies him.

Marsh looks deep into Kelsier's eyes. He's a Seeker (meaning unsure yet). Kelsier seems to be sincere in his goals right now, so Marsh says that he'll be back to hear the details of the mission, although he hasn't decided if he'll join or not.

Kelsier detects Vin in the hall as she slips away, but he smiles and lets her go. After Marsh leaves, he comes to check on her and lets her know that he did detect her, although she doesn't admit it. He tells her to follow, and that they'll begin her training now. He also gifts her a Mistborn cloak.

They step out into the night and the mist to begin her training. They go through each of the metals.

* The first is pewter. It gives you strength and helps you resist pain and fatigue. You react more quickly, and your body becomes tougher. It burns relatively quickly, so you must be very aware of the quantity you have when using it.
* Pewter's counterpart is tin. It enhances the senses, and it's one of the slowest-burning metals. Mistborn should leave it on constantly when in the mists, but don't flare it much or very often; flaring metals too strongly or for too long a duration can leave people... "stretched."
* Next is bronze. It's the internal mental Pulling metal. It lets one detect when one is using Allomancy nearby, and it is the power that Seekers have. All Inquisitors have this power, but it's not certain whether only Seekers become Inquisitors, or whether becoming an Inquisitor grants the power of a Seeker.
* Bronze's counterpart is copper. It lets one hide from Seekers when using Allomancy, which is very important during missions. It burns slowly, and also protects you from Allomancers who would manipulate your emotions. Many Mistborn keep it on always. It also creates a "bubble" around the user which can protect those inside of it from Seekers, but doesn't protect those additional people from emotional manipulation as it does to the user. People with this power are Smokers.
* Iron can be used to pull metal objects towards you
* Steel can be used to push metal objects away from you
	* with these last two metals, every action has an equal and opposite reaction. If the object doesn't move, you will.

Kelsier demonstrates the pushing and pulling, and challenges her to jump on top of the city wall. He disappears into the sky.


### Details
* "Burning" is the term for using up metal when applied to an Allomantic power.



### Questions
