### Summary
Vin takes a deep breath and shoots up after him. After reaching the top, Kelsier challenges her now to jump down the other side. He drops the ingot down the wall, and after a moment, jumps off. Vin curses and follows after him.

At the bottom, they discuss more Allomancy. Metals you've ingested can't be pushed or pulled thankfully, otherwise they could be ripped right out of your body. It's also why Inquisitors don't have to worry about being pushed or pulled while they have metal spikes in their eyes.

They head out away from the city walls. Vin can't get a read on Kelsier, so she doesn't know whether he has a specific destination in mind or not.

She gets a bit scared walking around at night too, especially with her heightened senses from the tin. She hears some noises and whispers to Kelsier, who responds that it's a mistwraith - they *are* real! Apparently they're mostly just scavengers though. They absorb corpses and recreate their bodies, shuffling them around, so the bodies of mistwraiths are large amalgamations of the creatures they've ingested. They don't really attack people though, so they're mostly harmless.

They continue along until reaching the Imperial Highroad, where Kelsier meets up with a man named Sazed who has a carriage waiting for them. Sazed is a Terrisman.

They're headed for the rich town of Fellise, where the imposter Lord Renoux is. They discuss Kelsier and the mission along the way. Kelsier attempts to understand Vin. He notes how she has a big difficulty with trust, but eventually she gives in and says that she will stay with him and continue with the mission - not because of trust, but because she wants to see what happens. He also gives her the money she earned by persuading the obligator while she was with Camon.

They arrive in Fellise.



### Details




### Questions
