* What themes did you detect in the story? - (Main points the author was trying to make, symbolism)

I think that one of the main themes so far is perseverance. This is a coming-of-age story for a boy who finds that he has no family he can rely on, and is in fact being actively hunted down by them. It would be simple for him to roll over and die at any point, but he makes an effort to follow in his destiny despite his family and despite the fact that no one knows how to train him.

* Which scene made you feel the most emotion? What emotion and why?

I think the scenes in chapter 12 where Wad saves Queen Bexoi from being assassinated followed by the comedic relief of forcing the maid who was in on the plot to stay in the Queen's room overnight was the most emotionally interesting to me. I felt a good amount of suspense waiting for the assassination attempt to take place, which was countered by the relief I felt afterwards when it failed, and which was finally followed up by amusement/laughter as the Queen put the maid in her place and acted as if nothing happened.

On a related note, I feel like the scene in chapter 8 where Danny discovers the dead man and the three unconscious women in the basement could've hit harder. I think it could've been done better if there was more suspense from Danny's point of view. Instead it felt more expository and detached from stronger emotions.

* What are Danny's biggest strengths and biggest weaknesses?

His biggest strengths are his obvious capacity for magery and his quick wit to get him out of trouble, but with his young age and his lack of knowledge and experience, it feels like they get him into more trouble than they get him out of - so they also feel like some of his biggest weaknesses.

* Were Danny's actions believable? Were there any choices he made that you disagree with?

I thought his actions were pretty believable, he has some cool moments but he also makes a lot of mistakes so he doesn't really feel overpowered or anything despite his magical capabilities. I actually agreed with a lot of his choices:
  * Return the ancient library book that he stole after he had a chance to read it
  * Call the police regarding the familly members who were unconscious or dead in the basement
  * Leave town after the burglary stuff without going back to Stone's first and potentially involving him in the issues, instead warping Eric back to his hometown and out of trouble

* How has Danny changed so far?

He's definitely starting to mature and learn from his mistakes, but he's got a long way to go. Thinking ahead to the consequences of going back to Stone's place and instead deciding to skip town immediately felt like a moment where his maturity is starting to take hold. I'm sure he'll change a bit after the year at Leslie and Marion's place too, but not sure how yet so I'm looking forward to seeing that.