* which scene stuck with you?
  * I like the scene at the end of chapter one after he comes down from the tree, where he talks with Lummy and Mook. I feel like this is where his destiny starts to take form; he's a gatemage who can be killed at any moment if his power is discovered, and he is determined to survive.
  * The scene in chapter two where Thor tells us all about Danny's fate if he's discovered is cool. He learns that the race is on now; Danny either learns to be a gate mage that can take them to westil, or he dies trying. It's nice that he does have some people on his side, but the fact that Thor just appears without any other introduction feels weird. It's important to remember though that their town has its own Odin, so I think it makes sense that they'd have a Thor as well. he's not some super-powerful onlooker from beyond the family like my instincts had me believe.
  * I like the scene at the start of chapter 4 where Danny BS's his way into a walmart through chatting with a security guard. It's a nice glimmer of happiness in Danny's now violent and desperate world.
  * in chapter 4 he meets Eric and Tony, and at the end of the chapter he and Eric are heading up north to DC together in the back of a pickup. I'm looking forward to seeing what happens from here!

* favorite / least favorite characters
  * like: 
    * Danny - I like his determination
    * Lummy and Mook - I like how supportive they are
    * Thor - I like his honesty and how he prepares Danny to leave but doesn't hand-hold him. How do they know each other though?
    * Eric - I like how he sees Danny's flaws but recognizes the potential in him
  * dislike: 
    * Crista - I dislike that she lied about Danny kidnapping the girls in his shirt in ch 1 
    * Gyish and Zog - I dislike their cruelty towards Danny in ch 1. Although, they aren't wrong it seems about the family's bloodline weakening

* favorite quote
  * ```Thor laughed. “Ah, Danny, it’s good to hear you talk like one of the Family. Of course you won’t give us anything. You’ll demand power. You’ll insist on being made Odin in place of your father. Do you think you’ll be the first? Your father will usher you in and bow to you. Whatever you make us pay, it’s worth the price.” (ch 2)```
  * I like it because it outlines the end goal of Danny's new journey. It'll be rough but he can look forward to having power and towards returning to his family. But will he actually do this, or use his power for other motivations?

* how do you feel about the world building?
  * good so far, need to read more still

* biggest plot point so far
  * ch1: Danny learns he is a gatemage and resolves that he will survive
  * ch2: Danny accidentally reveals his power and is forced to leave the family compound
  * ch3: Introduction of Eko and treeboy
  * ch4: Danny meets Eric and they head to D.C. together
