* What was your favorite part of the book?

My favorite part was when Danny finally opened the Great Gate (on purpose) in chapter 21, and then afterwards in chapter 23 when he tells his parents off for only caring about him for his power.

* Which location in the book would you most like to visit?

Danny visits multiple cities in America, so I'd probably choose DC or Florida of the places he's been to. I'd be more interested in trying the Great Gate he created accidentally while doing the rope climb in the gym, suddenly appearing a mile high in the sky would be crazy!

* In what ways has Danny grown the most, throughout the book as a whole?

He's matured in how he views other people as having innate value. His growth reminds me of the word *sonder*, which is "the realization that each random passerby is living a life as vivid and complex as your own." He's also gotten better at thinking ahead to the consequences of his actions, but he still has a long way to go.

* Would you recommend this book? If so, how would you convince someone to read it?

Yes, I would recommend it. It's a pretty quick read, so I would recommend it to someone who likes fantasy stories just wants to dip their toes back into reading. If you liked Percy Jackson, you'll probably like this.

* Favorite chapter and why?

Probably chapter 1 when he discovers his power and becomes determined to survive because I admire that determination

* Were there any pivotal moments in this reading?

Yes, there were multiple pivotal moments:
  * in chapter 1 when Danny discovers he's a gatemage
  * in chapter 2 when he's forced to leave home
  * in chapter 13 when he meets Veevee and they begin researching gates together
  * in chapter 20 when he meets the Greek girl, Hermia again
  * in chapter 21 when Bexoi has Oath killed and attempts to kill Wad, as well as when Danny finally opens the Great Gate

* How did you feel about the ending? Is there anything you would change?

It's pretty solid, I like how it ends on a good note. Danny gets his powers, tells off his family, defeats the Gate Thief (although whether that's good or not remains to be seen), etc. I would've liked to see a bit more of a cliffhanger as I feel like it ends a bit abruptly, but there's enough to look forward to in the next book.

* Does the ending answer all of your questions?

No! Who is Bel and why is the Gate Thief trying to stop him? What will happen with Danny and his friends now that he has power and the ability to give them power by traveling through a Great Gate? and a bunch of other questions

* Does this book remind you of any songs?

not really, I kinda regret asking this question lmao.

* Do we want to read the next book in the series?

Initially I was looking forward to it, but looking at the series's ratings on GoodReads.com, it seems like this is the best book in the series. Apparently the author dives more into Danny's sexuality and how all the teenage girls around him want to have his babies, and the actual plot moves really slow, which I'm not really interested in. The 3rd book is rated worse than the 2nd is rated worse than the 1st, so tbh I'd be ok with stopping here.