### Summary
We learn about Danny North, his family the Norths, and how they are basically fallen gods who now keep to themselves and try to ignore the outside world - apart from the other noble families. They lost their power when Loki closed all the gates that were open between Westil and Earth. We learn about clants and outselves, and how Danny has no ability to basically manifest his spirit in other objects or creatures.

Danny also serves as basically a hall monitor for the younger kids learning to control their clants. Since he cannot control a clant himself though, he resorts to disciplining them through other means when the children act out. When he captures two of them as clants in his shirt and stashes them in a tree to scare them though, he finds himself in hot water with the village elders. They're not pleased with what he's done, but they eventually come to understand his decision and most of them make peace with what's happened.

He then goes to retrieve the clants, but finds he cannot reach high enough in the tree to grab the shirt. After some pushing though, he makes it up and realizes that he's not magicless after all! He has gate magic, which unfortunately is not allowed. Gatemages are supposed to be killed because of how they can build up power for their families and put the other families at a disadvantage. Danny however is determined to survive.



### Details


### Questions
* what does drekka mean?
  * I think it's just someone who doesn't have any mage abilities. it seems like such people are either killed or die early though from some of the lines?
    * ex (ch 2): “And this one?” asked the short, slightly heavy woman who seemed to be the Greeks’ chief inquisitor. Danny raised his head to look Poot in the eye. Poot said nothing. It was Auntie Tweng who spoke. A single word. “Drekka.” A little smile flickered on the Greek woman’s face. “And still here?”