### Summary
Danny and Eric scope out some houses and find one to rob. They fight a bit and Danny splits off. He sticks his head through a gate to listen in at the store that the fence owns, and the fence and the store clerk just happen to be talking about them. The clerk notices the floating head though and looks terrified, so Danny pulls back out immediately. He laughs at the situation though.

He heads back to Stone's house. Lana is there, "watching" the tv even though it's off. Danny and Lana gripe at each other back and forth, but eventually they cool off and split up. Danny heads up to the attic and finds Stone waiting for him. Stone hands him a letter with the details of his new teachers, and tells Danny not to say their names out loud. Danny, being an idiot, says their names out loud accidentally right away (Marion and Lester), and gets slapped across the face for it. He apologizes though, and things calm down again.

That night, Eric and Danny go out to finally hit the houses they've scoped. Eric sits a few doors down from the fence's store while Danny hits the houses and teleports the goods to him. They head to the store together and negotiate prices a bit, but the store owner / fence - Rico - bashes Eric's chest with a baseball bat. Danny saves Eric by pulling him through a gate, which coincidentally heals him, and gets Rico's arm stuck in the gate since Rico doesn't have the power to move through gates on his own. Danny gates back, takes 3 grand, and gives the store clerk José the gun sitting on Rico's desk in case he wants to finish the job as Rico can no longer be trusted. On the other side of the gate, Eric bites off Rico's thumb. Danny gates back to Eric, and a moment later they both hear a gunshot.

Eric wants to head back to Stone's house to get his stuff before skipping town, and Danny agrees to gate him there. He actually tricks Eric though, and he gates them both back to Eric's hometown - Lexington, Kentucky - where it all started. They chat briefly and say goodbyes, then Danny leaves for good and gates to a nearby school so he has access to a computer. He looks up the address in Yellow Springs, Ohio that was written for Marion and Lester (his new teachers-to-be) on google maps, and successfully jumps there. It's the middle of the night, so he curls up in a nearby barn and falls asleep.


### Details
* Danny's two biggest jumps so far occur at the end of this chapter. Gating from DC to Eric's hometown of Lexington is around 200 miles, and his subsequent jump from Buena Vista (in Lexington) to Ohio is around 150 miles.



### Questions
