### Summary
In this chapter we learn more about Wad. He has taken well to living in the castle/fortress of Nassassa. He keeps a watchful eye and almost always knows where everyone is, where every*thing* is, and what everyone thinks. He foils assassination plots, announces stolen goods, and ensures the safety and security of the castle without being asked to. He also doesn't like to speak.

It turns out he is great as such spying activities because he too is a gatemage (which we learned in chapter 5). And one of considerable skill at that - at the end of the chapter, we find out he is a gatefather. In contrast to Danny, he can only form around a dozen permanent gates at a time. But what he lacks in raw ability, he makes up for in finesse. First off, he has the basic ability to recall gates, already putting him ahead compared to Danny. But beyond that, he has quite dextrous control over them and can morph them to suit his needs.

It's revealed that Wad - the treeboy - was not always part of the tree. He has vague recollections of times before he was part of the tree, but does not remember who he was, what he did, or what those times were really like. Occasionally though he catches a glimpse of a memory; for example, we see him attempt to save the Queen from an assassination attempt. He starts rearranging the pillows in her bed to look as if she remains there after sneaking out, but she motions to stop and instead forms a near-perfect copy of herself using a clant. He is deeply impressed and marvels at the clant, and in doing so recalls that he hadn't seen someone do that since before he was attached to the tree. 

After the Queen - who is in fact a Lightrider, the most powerful form of lightmage, or some equally powerful type of firemage - shows off this impressive display, Wad reveals his gatemagery to her and helps her escape the room.

After some more moments in hiding though, Wad's memories begin to return. He hadn't seen this sort of power since over 1400 years ago, before the Great Gates had all been closed.

Finally, Luvix comes in to attempt the assassination, and is so convinced by Bexoi's (the queen's) clant being her that he has no doubts after the deed is done. Shortly after, Sleethair - one of Luvix's few co-conspirators - entered with a guard, obviously looking to cause a commotion over the dead queen's body. Instead, she found the queen quite alive and well in bed. Bexoi lies about having nightmares, and forces Sleethair to stay in bed with her as she "is not to be left alone this night." This will leave Luvix confused and will make Sleethair miserable.

After the commotion from the night's events had calmed down a few days later, Wad sneaks back in to see the Queen again. This time, she invites him to fuck and hopefully they'll make babies, as she now considers him a greater mage than even King Prayard. But also she kinda loves him too.


### Details




### Questions
