### Summary
The Greek family visits the Norths to inspect all their children and their magic to make sure they're still holding up their end of the contract. The Greeks can do this because they're much more powerful. The North children are lined up and questioned one-by-one, but thankfully Danny's newfound gate magic is not discovered through interrogative means. 

Later on, the adults of each family hold a meeting to further discuss things. Danny finds a hidey-hole though by unknowingly using his gate magic and is able to peek in. He doesn't really learn anything by spying, but the adults do; a Greek child, Yilka, appears right in front of his peeking spot and he lurches back, crashing into the wall behind him. It turns out that Yilka is a lower type of gatemage. She likely cannot create gates herself, but can detect the ones that others have made. And since Danny used gate magic to get into the hiding spot, she was able to find him.

The adults realize someone is spying, and they begin attacking the wall where Danny just was in an attempt to find him. He somehow manages to teleport out of the family compound, and then runs into a family member that hasn't been introduced until just this moment - Thor. Thor basically tells him that Thor and a few other North adults know that he is a fledgling gatemage and support him, but that they can't do so openly. So now he will be hunted down by his family and forced to not only survive, but to also learn gatemagery so that he can return, claim the throne of Odin (currently Danny's father has this position), and gain power to subdue the other families and restore their former glory.

Danny understands the situation he is in, and having already resolved last chapter that he was going to survive no matter what, takes off to begin escaping and learning how to live among regular humans.

### Details


### Questions
* how do gates heal?
* since their town has its own Odin and Thor, is it possible that he's the next Loki?