### Summary
Wad intrudes on Bexoi after she is finally alone a moment, and they discuss their lives, their feelings for each other, their children, and their fates. Wad has unsuspectingly fallen into her trap though, as she lights Oath's cradle on fire (remember that she is a firemage). Wad hurries to save Oath, but realizes the moment he is surrounded in flames that the baby laying there is a conjuration of Bexoi's, and immediately gates away. 

At his new vantage point, he happens to notice soldiers rappeling down the mountainside, undoubtedly looking for the cave serving as prison to Anonoei and her children. He the first of the three of them away to the village where Eko helped him after popping out of the tree.

He feels a burning sensation, but this time it's not fire. It's Danny's creation of a new Great Gate. Wad instinctively reaches out to consume Danny's hearthoard without a thought - ```He only knew that if that Gate were left in place, it would destroy everything that mattered in the world.```

As we saw in the last chapter, Wad fails to consume Danny's hearthoard, and instead Danny consumes Wad's and all those that Wad had previously consumed. ```In that moment, Wad went from being the greatest Gatefather that the world of Westil ever knew to being one so frail he had no store of gates inside him, and only a handful of existing gates that he could manipulate.```

Now powerless to create more gates, Wad can only manipulate those that Danny was not skilled enough to take for himself. He saves Anonoei, but the last child, Enopp, is stabbed by a soldier and is gripping onto the pike that stabs him. Wad gates Enopp away, but the gate also takes the pike (without the soldier) along with him. Wad gates himself over to them, pulls out the pike, and re-gates Enopp to heal him. Anonoei recognizes Wad, but that is of no consequence at the moment. He must find his child, Oath.

He finds Oath dead, swaddled in the garments of a nurse who carries him out of the castle. He gates Oath's body directly to him, but it is too late; the body is cold.

He considers what to do next now that Danny has taken his outself. He is not prepared any more to fight Danny nor any other evil that should challenge Westil. He first finds Eko at a nearby home - she and her family became more prosperous since we last heard of them - and tells her of Anonoei at the old home, and to help her. Eko agrees and goes.

The chapter ends with Wad grieving the death of his son, Oath (Trick).

### Details




### Questions
