### Summary
Hermia and Veevee help to calm the voices in Danny's mind as they probe his outself or hearthoard or something. Eventually, he rises from his stupor. He recognizes the outself of the Gate Thief and tries to question it. 

It watches for gates and prevents them so that Bel will not return to destroy Westil. But it isn't conscious, this is just the last order that it received, and it continues to carry it out.

Danny concludes that the Gate Thief is the last Loki.

Danny gates five people from the North family compound to him - Zog, Gyish, Thor, and his parents. Old Zog and Gyish try to attack, but they're overpowered by Marion and Leslie who went through the Great Gate and came back. Ced also went through, but decided to stay for now.

Danny's parents are happy to see him, but the only thing they say is how proud they are that he can make a Great Gate - and to open one for them. He denies them this, and says the North family will never travel through it. They're crushed (emotionally). Danny gates the five of them back to the North family compound before anyone else can say anything.

They part for now and go to sleep for the night. Danny ponders the irony of having all this power and not enough sense to know what to do with it.

THE END!


### Details




### Questions
not really discussion questions of any substance, but plot points that I'm interested in seeing more of in further books
* Will he head to Westil? 
* Will he meet Loki? the other Westilians? What will be the result of that?
* Who is Bel, the Carthaginian god? Why has Loki prevented Great Gates to stop Bel for so long?
* Will Danny be able to lead a normal life at school?
* Will the voices in his head