### Summary
The chapter starts with a long exposition. The Icewegians - who live in Iceway - are led by King Prayard, who lives in the fortress of Nassassa. His father Oviak was defeated in battle, and now he and his people are subjugated by a people called the Grays. Prayard and his familial line are known for being powerful seamages, but the Grays forced him into marriage with a weaker bloodline through a woman named Bexoi in hopes that either he would not bear children or that his children would not have any form of magery.

Prayard has also taken a concubine named Anonoei though, and has born two children through her named Eluik and Enopp. Now, if they showed any promise of seamagery, they would likely be killed silently by the Grays. But so far they have shown no magical prowess. Yet the people still hope that they are receiving training in secret, and that one will grow up to inherit the throne and take revenge on the Grays.

Hull, the night cook, finds the treeboy from ch 3 in the shade/herb garden - with no evidence of having broken in. She thus presumes him to be a gatemage and swears to keep his secret. He makes no response, rather seeming determined to sit still on the floor and admire the basil growing there. Hull, in an effort to gain his trust, tells him of her family; Her father and grandfather were both gatemages, but not very powerful ones. Her grandfather had attempted to open a great gate to Mittlegard (earth) - ```I think this means that this chapter, and chapter 3, occur on Westil?``` but his outself was stolen by the Gate Thief.

It seems that this treeboy is a gatemage after all. Hull offers him food and shelter, and he responds "thank you." But he spoke it with the same accent and nearly the same voice as Hull herself. Gatemages are known to learn languages incredibly fast and to know languages that they have not been taught, so Hull sees this as further evidence of him being a gatemage.

Hull brings treeboy inside and introduces him to the trainees in the kitchen. She gives him the name Wad for now, and he keeps his head down and doesn't make eye contact with anyone as promised.

### Details




### Questions
