### Summary
Danny and Eric arrive in DC. They have a bit of a fight though as Danny realizes he doesn't really need Eric, and they split up (for now). Danny changes out of his beggar clothes as he ponders over the lives of everyday people - drowthers - and finds himself at the Library of Congress. The security guard doesn't let him in looking all grubby, so he hides and opens a gate to the inside.

He learns he can open a gate without actually passing himself through it, and finds a hiding spot to stash his backpack. He walks around the library, finds a computer, and tries searching for books related to gatemagery. A librarian stops by to help him and narrows down his search. 

Soon after, she leads him to an old book which happens to contain ancient runic inscriptions in it. Danny is able to read them and does so, but the woman - a researcher who has worked with this book - can't believe that he is actually reading, and accuses him of pretending to read the book, therefore making a mockery of her work.

A fight breaks out between them as they struggle for the book. Danny escapes through a gate with the book as she calls for security. He reads through the runic passages and returns the book before leaving the library, where he meets up with Eric again.



### Details
* I enjoyed the comparison of programmers to mages as they coax results from a computer 


### Questions
* Danny revealed what is undeniably gatemagery to the researcher at the library. Was this interaction recorded, perhaps through a security camera? Will this action have any further consequences?