### Summary
Szeth, a Truthless of the Shinovar people (or Shin for short), sits at a party between the Parshendi and Alethi elites. He leaves the dining hall and walks through the halls of the castle. Confronted by two darkeyed guards, he breathes in the stormlight from the gem lamps on the walls to perform some Lashings, draws his shardblade, and kills them. Many more guards followed and yet he killed them all too. But his purpose isn't to toy with the guards; rather, he's there to kill the king, Gavilar Kholin.

He encounters the king, who is disguised as a king's guard wearing shardplate and wielding his own shardblade. After an epic fight, Szeth is able to defeat the king by tearing down the balcony with the king on it. It falls far below, and Szeth lashes himself to the building wall so as to not join the king. He makes his way down soon after though.

```Gavilar coughed, hand quivering, reaching toward his chest and fumbling at a pocket. He pulled out a small crystalline sphere tied to a chain. “You must take this. They must not get it.” He seemed dazed. “Tell…tell my brother…he must find the most important words a man can say….”```

Szeth honors this request by writing Gavilar's final words in blood on the ground nearby, then escaped, leaving the king's shardblade behind.


### Details
* Szeth notices the use of gems infused with stormlight for simple lighting and decoration and regards it as profane.
* In one of the hallways of the castle, the labeled names of the Vorin divines are spelled differently compared with how they're spelled in the prelude. Ex. Jezerezeh/Jezrien, Talenelat/Talenel, Kelek/Kalak, etc.
* Szeth shares with us that the reason assassins (including him) wear white is to be bold and not blend in with the night. For if one is to be killed, he is entitled to see you coming.
* Szeth notes that the only life he is forbidden from taking, as a Truthless, is his own.
* Shardblades cut cleanly through nonliving objects no matter the material, but they "catch" as they cut through living objects. Their skin is untouched, but they die (or at least lose a limb) as soon as it passes through. This is because shardblades cut through a living being's soul, not their body.


### Questions
* It says the Parshendi elite are Szeth's masters. Why did they order him to kill king Gavilar, especially if they were in talks of an alliance with the nation of Alethkar?
* How will the country of Alethkar fare after the death of its king?
* What is a Truthless? It seems Szeth, as a Truthless, is some sort of outcast from his people, the Shinovar. Also, what did he do to earn this title?