### Summary
The chapter opens with Cenn, a 15yo boy, being frightened on a battlefield while a gruff man named Dallet attempts to calm him and steel his nerves. An enemy army approaches. Kaladin, the squadleader of a team about 30 strong, talks with his men to determine where to hold their ground in this battle. Cenn is obviously worried about dying, but Dallet tells him not to worry - Kaladin is lucky.

```Dallet shrugged. “People always die. Our squad loses the fewest. You’ll see.”```

The onslaught begins. The cause for the fighting is apparently a border dispute between  Alethi nobillity - some princedom was encroaching upon Brightlord Amaram's territory, ultimately owned by Highprince Sadeas.

Kaladin's squad holds a small hill for the better part of an hour, but eventually the tide of the battle shifts and they are forced to retreat back. In the pandemonium, Cenn takes a spear to the leg and falls, but Kaladin saves him from being killed at the last moment.

Kaladin then notices a man wearing plate armor on a horse. Determining him to be a battalionlord, Kaladin orders part of the squad to rush him and take him down, hoping that this could be the turning point that gets them the notoriety to be sent to the Shattered Plains. Kaladin is able to stab the mounted man in the eye and knock him off his horse.

Soon after, a shardbearer arrives on the battlefield. Dallet and the other men watching the wounded curse, and Cenn has a short internal monologue comparing the shardbearer to a god before fainting from blood loss.

```
Either way, he couldn’t fight. You didn’t fight something like this. Sun gleamed against that plate armor. And that gorgeous, intricate, sinuous sword. It was like…like the Almighty himself had taken form to walk the battlefield.
And why would you want to fight the Almighty?
```


### Details
* Dallet notes to Cenn that Kaladin is training his squad hard so that they can eventually be moved to fight with the real soldiers for the king on the Shattered Plains against the Parshendi.


### Questions
* Does this line feel like foreshadowing to anyone else? 
	* ```For a moment, Cenn thought he could see something surrounding the squadleader. A warping of the air, like the wind itself become visible.```
* Cenn asks Dallet why Kaladin brings young, untrained men into his squad to save them from the battle. 
	* ```Dallet shook his head. “It’s just how he is. Hates the thought of young kids like you, barely trained, going to battle. Every now and again, he grabs one and brings him into his squad. A good half dozen of our men were once like you.” Dallet’s eyes got a far-off look. “I think you all remind him of someone.”```
	* Why does Kaladin do this? Could he have lost someone important to him?