### Summary
This chapter occurs 8 months after [[1.1 Stormblessed]]. It begins with Kaladin riding in a caged wagon, now a slave. He also notes that he has *been* a slave for 8 months now. 

A windspren plays tricks on him occasionally as a few other slave men take their turns attempting to converse with Kaladin. Kaladin notes that it seems like this particular windspren has been following him for a few months now, which is unheard of. He avoids answering most of the men's questions and they eventually give up.

He recalls some memories from his childhood, when his father - the village doctor - gave him training and advice in medicine as he feels the pain of his slave branding.

The windspren approaches and tries talking to him. She says his name - "Kaladin" - and he jumps. How does a windspren, supposedly incapable of thought, have the intelligence to speak? and how does she know his name?

The slave trader brings water around to each of the slaves at the start of the night. One of them is sick with a disease that Kaladin knows of, the grinding cough. Kaladin informs the trader of this and tells him how the man can be treated, and the trader promptly takes the sick man out of the wagon... and kills him. Kaladin is angered by this. He has secretly kept some poisonous leaves in his possession that he found a while ago, but in his anger he accidentally crumbles them up by balling up his fists and they blow away in the wind.


### Details
* We discover there is a string of obvious red starts in the sky named Taln's Scar
* Kaladin wonders if he is cursed:
	* ```He’d spent some time under his previous master speaking with a slave from the West, a Selay man who had spoken of the Old Magic from their legends and its ability to curse people. Could that be what was happening to Kaladin?```
* 

### Questions
