### Summary
Shallan Davar is a lighteyes nobleman's daughter. Her life took a turn when her father passed away, leaving her and her siblings with a large debt that her father had hidden. Now, Shallan seeks the wardship of Jasnah Kholin, sister of the Alethi king. It is unknown as of yet how this relates, but somehow gaining wardship will enable her or her family to... pay off the debts?

With this unknown plan in mind, Shallan leaves her home region of Jah Keved, sailing with Captain Tozbek on his ship, The Wind. Jasnah moves around often, leaving Shallan struggling to catch up, but she now has her pineed down; Jasnah is located in the free city of Kharbranth. Kharbranth is built in a *lait*, meaning that it is built in an area where it and it's people are protected from the wrath of the highstorms that pass.

Upon arrival, Shallan finds out that Jasnah is in fact in Kharbranth, at the Conclave in the center of the city. She heads their immediately with one of The Wind's sailors, Yalb, who helps her navigate the city's myriad of languages of traders to get a ride to the Conclave.

We end the chapter with Shallan arriving at the Conclave, determining Jasnah Kholin's location, and walking just outside of the room she occupies.



### Details




### Questions
* What do you imagine when you read about Kharbranth?
	* I see it is a strong melting-pot of sorts, with high, rocky structures cloistered around the edge of the city, growing upwards and inwards to protect it from the storms. It seems like all the buildings are colored vibrantly, and the rock-hewn Conclave at the center reminds me of the Dwemer ruins from Skyrim