### Summary
Kaladin and the other slaves are traveling through unmarked territory to the east, where highstorms are much stronger. At one point the slave trader, Tvlakv, doesn't understand the map, and asks Kaladin if he knows their location. Kaladin asks for the map, and upon receiving it, instantly tears it to pieces. Tvlakv immediately accepts responsibility for letting Kaladin anywhere near the map; he's not actually mad, just a bit annoyed since he views it as his fault. The windspren still follows Kaladin as well, but it doesn't come up much here.

After a few more days of travel, they arrive at their destination. The Shattered Plains. As they rise over a hill, the massive armies of the king and the other lords come into view. The Shattered Plains stretch off far into the distance, even going out of the range of sight. 



### Details
* Apparently highstorms can be predicted mathematically? The predictions aren't perfect it seems, but you can usually be close enough:
	* ```The storms could be predicted mathematically; Kaladin’s father had made a hobby of it. He’d been able to pick the right day eight times out of ten.```
* Highstorms are strongest when it first hits: the front of it is known as the *stormwall*. It grows weaker towards the end.



### Questions
* Kaladin notes that it is ironic that he has finally arrived at the Shattered Plains as was his original plan, but now he comes here as a slave. 
	* How is this irony used to effect? 
		* I feel like this irony is used to comedic effect because of how incredulous it seems. 
	* What emotions do you feel when you imagine being in Kaladin's situation?
		* Kaladin is helpless in this scenario, and if I were there I feel like I wouldn't be able to do anything but laugh at the madness of it all.