### Summary
Kaladin and the other slaves arrive at the Shattered Plains, home to the parshendi and where the Alethi army has been fighting for the past 6 years since King Gavilar's death.

A noblewoman approaches the slave trader and they discuss the purchase of the slaves. When questioned, Kaladin feels hope that he might be able to fight once again, but instead of becoming a bonded soldier, he and the rest of the slaves will become bridgemen.

Soon after, the first march begins. Kaladin and the other members of his bridge crew hoist the bridge up and jog along the Shatted Plains, setting it down, crossing, and hoisting it up again on the other side so that the army can march. His sergeant, Gaz, already hates him for daring to insult him initially, and puts him through hell by not giving him any equipment to avoid injury. 

They eventually arrive at the site of the battle. The parshendi, to the bridgemen's horror, are already lined up across the final chasm, shortbows notched with arrows, ready to fire. Kaladin and the others do their final push and get the bridge across. The sounds of other men falling and being trampled, and even entire crews being crushed under their bridges as enough of their men die, are noticed by Kaladin despite the shouts and screams all around him. After the bridge is finally across, all Kaladin has the strength to do is pass out.

...

A few hours later, Kaladin is awoken by the windspren that's been following him. The battle is over, the parshendi vanquished for now. The remaining men are either gathering themselves together to return, or picking through the dead for any useful articles of clothing, valuables, etc. Kaladin staggers to his feet, which burn with pain, and retrieves some clothes from a dead man - he doubts that Gaz, the sergeant, will give him any.

The windspren, satisfied that Kaladin is awake and up, begins to talk somewhat mindlessly. It turns out that she has a name, Sylphrena, or Syl for short.

The remaining bridgemen and some unfortunate soldiers gather together to hoist up the bridge again, and begin the long trudge back to the warcamp.


### Details




### Questions
